Document Permissions (#405)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/typescript/reference/cli.md

By default, a DBOS application automatically creates these on startup.
However, in production environments, a DBOS application may not run with sufficient privilege to create databases or tables.
In that case, this command can be run with a privileged user to create all DBOS database tables.

> After creating the DBOS database tables with this command, a DBOS application can run without privilege, requiring only access to the DBOS schema in the application and system databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the DBOS database tables with this command, a DBOS application can run with minimum permissions, requiring only access to the DBOS schema in the application and system databases.
```

Author: Postgres calls them privileges though https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-priv.html
